Making sure documentation is ready for GA (#383)
canonical/prometheus-k8s-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Overview

This documents explains the processes and practices recommended for

> contributing enhancements to the Prometheus Charmed Operator.

Reviewer: At first glance it seems that "charmed operator" should not be capitalized here.

  implementation, you can reach us at
  [Canonical Mattermost public channel](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)
  or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).
- Familiarising yourself with the
  [Charmed Operator Framework](https://juju.is/docs/sdk)
  library will help you a lot when working on new features or bug fixes.
- All enhancements require review before being merged. Code review
  typically examines
  + code quality
  + test coverage

>   + user experience for Juju administrators.

Reviewer: Do you think the phrase "Juju administrators" could be misunderstood?
If yes, how about:

```suggestion
  + cluster admin ux
```

- Please help us out in ensuring easy to review branches by rebasing
  your pull request branch onto the `main` branch. This also avoids merge commits and creates a linear Git commit history.

## Setup

> A typical development setup for charms created with the [Charmed Operator Framework](https://juju.is/docs/sdk) contains:
> 
> 
> - [Charmcraft](https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft) - Developer tooling for creating, building and publishing Charmed Operators
> - [Juju](https://juju.is/) - a Charmed Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), used for deploying and managing operators
> - [Multipass](https://multipass.run/) - a lightweight Ubuntu virtual machine manager (optional)
> - [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) - a low-ops Kubernetes distribution we’ll use for testing our Charmed Operator (optional if developing a Charmed Operator for Kubernetes)
> 
> Please [follow this guide](https://juju.is/docs/sdk/dev-setup) which will walk through the installation of these tools to get you started with charm development.

Reviewer: We should probably offload as much as sensible to the dev-setup doc.
How about:

```suggestion
This prometheus operator is developed with the [Charmed Operator Framework](https://juju.is/docs/sdk).

Please follow the [dev-env setup guide](https://juju.is/docs/sdk/dev-setup) to get started.
```

    --resource prometheus-image=ubuntu/prometheus:latest
```

> ## Code Overview

Reviewer: I wounder if we should entirely drop the "code overview" section.

Author: yes, it seems to me that it does not add much value...
